Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Uh. Nick Di Santo.
I'm here to see my mom.
Visiting.
Take the stairs to the second floor.
and someone will meet you there.
Second?
Can't we go out on the grounds?
I mean. she wants to be
private. can't it be out in
the sunshine or under
a tree somewhere?
Telling you. she never goes out.
In all the years I've been here. I've never
even seen here in the visitors' room.
Look. she's my mom.
I haven't talked to her in years.
Yeah. she did get made
up today just to see you.
Look. you get her to go out.
I'll be happy to take you.
Ms. Di Santo?
Your boy's here.
What have you got her on?
She hasn't been medicated today.
Bang on the door when you're done.
Hey.
You can look at me.
I'm not sure I can.
Yes you can.
Mm.
Look at me.
Oh my.
You look like him.
Why would you say that?
You said you didn't remember him.
You said it was like trying
to remember a dream.
You said you didn't
know who he was.
Do you know who my father is?
What else do you know. Mom?
Mother!
Mom. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Mom...
No. no. no...
I won't.
Don't. don't.
Stop...
Mom...
look. I'm not...
I'm not gonna touch you. OK?
I won't.
Then don't.
Do you... do you want
me to get the orderly?
You want your medication
or something?
I'm supposed to tell
you about your father.
And today is the day
that I promised I would.
Wait. you prom... you promised who?
The things in the wall.
They listen all the time. and
then they tell me what to do.
And Nicky. today is the day that they
told me I had to tell you about him.
I'm... I'm not...
I won't. I'm warning you.
Oh. Nicky.
Hey!
He's coming for you.
Please...
Open the fucking door!
Your father...
I only remember a nightmare!
So what did she want to say?
She wanted to let me know
that she's still crazy.
So no birthday present. huh?
Let's go find one.
Let's go drink one.
Go. go. go.
Yeah. come on.
That's the guy. right over there.
Can I buy you guys a beer?
Why?
Is that Nick Di Santo?
What if it is?
You know him?
What if I do?
Can he do it?
You know what?
I don't care.
That is not what I said and
that is not what you said.
Hey. uh. hit me again.
You know what?
I'm through.
Yeah.
No. I'm done.
I'm hanging up.
You got a number for a cab?
Anything I can do?
Bet I got you beat.
For worst day ever.
There's no way you
could beat this one.
What. did your dog
die or something?
Happy birthday!
Yeah. 23's kind of a big one.
You don't know?
Um. it takes 23 seconds for blood to
circulate throughout the human body.
In every person are 23
pairs of chromosomes.
And every 23rd wave that comes
to shore is twice as long and
twice as strong as the
one that came before it.
So 23 is kind of like this.
um. magic number.
I like 23.
How about you do
it. just one time?
I...
I just...
I want to know if you can really do it.
Hey. what'd I say?
Do what?
What are you doing?
Nick.
Don't...
HO.
Relax.
Are you trying to scare away the first girl
that doesn't think you're Frankenstein?
Well. if she's the
one. she won't run.
Do not do this.
Please.
If you were sober. you
wouldn't do this.
Hey. uh. Ronny says he'll do it.
Just go up there.
Go put your hand on him.
Touch him.
What?
No. look. it doesn't work that way.
I have to touch them.
That's rule one.
You can touch me all you want.
but it's not gonna work.
And rule two?
It has to be something bad.
something really bad. or I do
not see you.
There's no way to change it.
There's no information
on why or when or how...
I just see it.
Could somebody just tell me
what everybody's talking about?
Sometimes he can touch somebody and
he can see how they're going to die.
Seriously?
Hold up your hand.
Nick. please.
Please. just sit down.
Aaaahhhh!
Gotcha.
Whoa!
Whoa. man!
What just happened?
Come on. man. look at me. Nicky!
Are you kidding me?
Just get out of here!
No. no. no.
What was that?
Did you see... did you see something?
You just couldn't leave it alone.
No!
I want to know!
Did you see something?
Dude. come on.
Did you fucking...
No. I want to know.
What happened?
Shut the fuck up. Nicky.
Ryo!
Shut up. Nicky.
I don't want to get my ass kicked tonight.
Ryo. look. man.
What?
I'm holding the lady's hand.
And what?
And everything's OK.
You didn't tell him?
I...
I can't understand you.
What did you do?
I did everything.
You were supposed to
tell him about me.
I did everything you asked...
Excuse me?
What?
I was just saying I should pick
up girls at a bar more often.
Uh. news flash...
I picked you up.
Oh. no. no.
I do not think so.
No. I know so.
Really?
"I'm holding the lady's hand"?
That was your pick-up line?
Do you really see things
when you touch some people?
Bad things?
You're gonna hear
some stuff about me.
You're gonna hear that I moved
from foster home to foster
home since I was nine.
And you're gonna hear that it
was because my mom committed
herself when I was eight.
That's a long scar.
How'd you get it?
When I was seven. I. um. I
thought if I. uh. hurt my
hands. they wouldn't hurt me.
Nicky!
What the fuck. man?
Check out the "24 Hour News."
Several area firefighters have
joined the right. and
more are expected.
Again. we have no confirmation
on what started the blaze. but
speculation aside. as this
dramatic footage shows. most
of the facilities residents
caught sleeping on the second
and third floors had
little chance of escape.
Though the number is still
rising. the body count is
already at 74. and the
firefighters expect to battle
the blaze through the night.
with fire departments from as
far west as Porno and Wheaton
County expected to arrive on
the scene at any moment.
The building has a long and
colorful history and was one
of the oldest...
No. I...
I...
yes. of course.
Yes. I understand.
You can count on me.
You've always been
able to count on me.
Right.
Nick?
Come on in.
Just finishing up a phone call.
I'm Judge Bing.
Have a seat.
Is it necessary to go over the
details of your mother's death?
Uh. no.
No. I know how my
mother died. Mr. Bing.
Respect Look. it's
been eight months.
I didn't even know she had a will.
And are you aware that there
is a lawsuit pending against
the institution?
I have no interest in suing anyone.
Well. I thought you might be
particularly keen on that now.
Given recent unplanned
developments?
Life is full of surprises. Nick.
This is the reading of the will. right?
And there's no one else here?
In accordance with your
mother's wishes. you alone are
to be here when I give you this.
I'm sorry to say this
is all she left.
I mean. well. what is all this?
Per her instructions. I have
no knowledge of the content.
So if there's any way I can help
once you've been through it all.
anything you need...
don't hesitate to call.
He has it.
And unless I miss my guess.
he's already found it.
How'd it go?
Stay there.
I'm coming to you.
That file's from her attorney.
It's. uh. papers and old pictures.
And?
What?
Come on. just sit down.
I want to show you something.
Are you rich?
Here.
You see it?
See what?
The house. Does that look familiar?
Should it?
Look. OK. guys. this house
is not some ordinary house.
This house and me go way back.
It's in all of my sketchbooks.
in every story I wrote as a
kid. and in just about every class
where they ever let me draw something.
Look. I've been drawing this house
since I could pick up a crayon.
Look at this.
Same house. You see this
circular window at the top?
Yeah.
I mean. look at this.
Same house. Age 12.
I mean. come on.
Look at all of these.
So you liked to draw the same
house when you were a kid.
Come on. Come here. come here.
I need... get up.
Come here. Come on. get up.
I just want to sit down.
Get up. come on.
I gotta show you something. Eve.
You're gonna freak out about this.
Ryo. come here. look at this.
This house has been in my head all my life.
OK. so you used to draw it.
Why are you acting all psycho?
Look. Ryo. I'm still drawing it.
Look. this house. maybe the
reason I started to think
about architecture
in the first place.
So you have a tiny boner for old
houses with little round windows.
What the hell difference
does that make?
Ryo. up until about an hour ago. I didn't
know this house existed in the real world.
So what? You think this has
something to do with your dad?
Nicky. even if it does
exist. what about it?
I own it.
Yeah.
The directions in the will had
the house in town on this road.
There's no sign a
town was ever here.
This baby is sailing. man.
You did a lot of work on it.
How are we supposed to find a
house without a street address?
Hey. babe. how you feeling?
Can we please just find a
place that has a bathroom?
I can't find a town or even a
bowling alley called River's End.
Oh my god. that dog
has three legs.
So?
So don't order any meat.
That's quite a set of wheels.
Thank you.
It was my granddad's.
Bathroom?
Down the hall. past
the cigarette machine.
Hey.
River's End. this... this is it.
Ryo. look.
Holy shit.
Look! Look at this!
This house. we're looking for it.
Are you all those folks that
came through this morning?
That van had a state
logo on it. Knoxie.
This place?
I own it.
You own Wormwood?
Wormwood?
That's the name of the house?
Yeah. after the flood
washed it away.
You know. food for the worms?
You've never heard of
the Blackwater flood?
20-something years ago?
It was the end. all right.
There is no River's End.
Washed away. all of it.
Town doesn't exist anymore...
same as your house.
Unless you like old wives' tales.
Well. yeah. I might like them.
Don't shovel that shit
to these kids. Lucky.
There's one story that says
that house is still standing.
Story says the flood hit that house
hard. but it didn't take it down.
Couldn't take it down.
Just washed it from
here all the way
down to here somewhere.
If you believe stories
for idiots and morons.
You got some kind of deed?
'Cause you're about
23 years too late.
What?
Nicky.
That house isn't the only way to find
out about your father or anyone else.
Hey.
That's weird.
Yeah. like "Texas Chainsaw" weird.
Aughhh!
Look out!
Hey.
You all right?
Yeah.
You guys all right?
You came out of nowhere. man.
Sorry.
You OK?
That was close.
Is everybody all right?
Yeah.
I am so sorry.
We haven't seen any other
cars out here all day.
I'm Chris.
I'm Sam.
That's Lillith.
Hello.
That your van?
Yeah. PLS.
Public Land and Survey?
We're out here mapping the
valley for the state.
Yeah. what are you doing out here?
Well. we were looking for a house. till we
found out that it got washed down a ridge.
Wormwood? House that washed into
the valley during the flood?
Yeah. You guys think you
know something about that?
Yeah. if you believe
in urban myths.
This is Wormwood. huh?
Sam?
Yeah. boss?
What she said.
We should just keep one
foot in reality here.
Any house. even if it survived
being ripped off its
foundation. would break into
kindling. crashing through trees.
Well. look. if there's any
part of it around here. like
a... a floorboard or a roof shingle...
anything... I'd like to see it.
Um. I'm telling you.
it's an urban myth.
Get in your car. Follow me.
Hey. wait. wait. wait.
Aagghh!
Mmph!
Nicky. Nicky.
Is he OK?
Yes. he's OK. He's OK.
He just... he gets dizzy spells
when he thinks too fast. Nick?
Look at me.
How about you get back in
the car and sit down. OK?
What do you mean?
It's a long shot. but we
mapped something a few days
ago that I think you need to see.
This is the old highway where
the flood took it out.
See this path through the forest?
Something big definitely
came through here.
Yeah. it's called a flood.
No.
Look at the sway of these trees.
It's way above the flood line.
Come on. Chris. there's ravines
like this throughout the county.
Thanks. Sam. But on this team.
I'm the arboriculturalist.
God. not that word again.
He likes to say that 'cause
he thinks it sounds dirty.
No. wait. so you're
a tree guy. right?
Nicky. Nicky.
Baby. come back up
here with me. OK?
Yeah. come on.
Nick. why don't you. huh?
Baby. now. Please?
What?
At least one house
came through here.
It's. uh. it's a long shot.
But we could all go for
a quick little hike.
He said it was a long shot. Nicky.
A shot's still a shot. Evie.
Come on.
You gonna be OK here if I...
if I take a quick look?
I'm not hiking. if that's
what you mean.
It's only gonna be a few minutes.
Ryo. can you stay here with her?
Please? All right?
Come on. Sam.
I know you want to come.
Yeah. I'm only going to see
your face when all you find is
poison ivy and a couple
of humping beavers.
Lil?
Ooh. thanks. but uh.
I think I'll stay with Eve.
That's a great idea.
I'm leaving in the van if you guys
aren't back here in 10 minutes.
And I'm taking Eve with me.
Eve.
I love you.
See how the slip
plane moves across?
This isn't just from the water.
It is...
So I just follow where
the trees are clear?
Yeah. exactly.
Nick!
Nicky. slow down!
Nicky!
Come on!
We're gonna get lost out here.
You gonna be OK?
We gotta get back.
Little window.
Right. Nicky?
Little round window at the top?
What the hell are we looking at?
This is wrong.
Come on. this is wrong.
It should have been pulverized.
This can't be the same house.
Oh. yeah?
Then what is it?
That's not even from this house.
You gonna tell me this whole place
just crashed here. perfectly level?
Well. maybe someone leveled it.
I think a lot of big stuff must
have washed through here.
And when the house did.
I think that's the tree that
finally stopped it.
I just got this really
weird feeling. Ryan.
I drew this.
I dreamed this.
And now I'm standing in
front of it. like I'm
the reason it's here.
Like it's holding on. just for me.
Stop right there.
Now turn around and walk away.
Look. don't get the wrong idea.
We're. uh. Public Land and Survey.
I'm Sam.
I know who you are. Sammael.
Heh.
It... it's Sam.
You with the state. too?
No.
I'm with...
Look. if we ended up somewhere we
shouldn't be. we apologize. Mister...?
My name's Seth.
That's all you need to know.
And let me tell you
something else. Sammael.
It's Sam.
I don't know what you think
you're doing here. or what
claim you think you
have to this house...
We're just mapping the valley.
But if this is about eminent domain
or any of that state bullshit...
it's a geodesic survey.
We don't care about this house.
Make no mistake.
I've been swinging a hammer in
it since before you were born.
I've been working
this place forever.
And I'm here to stay.
We don't want any trouble.
Then you best be on your way.
I th...
I think you're probably right.
Wait.
The people that lived here.
Do you know anything about them?
No. Nicky.
The man who used to
live here 20 years ago.
What about him?
I just want to know his name.
No.
No you don't.
Look. this house is
in my mother's will.
These people might be my family.
I have the deed.
I don't care what you have.
What you came looking
for isn't here.
You do not know what
I came looking for.
Just you.
Not your buddy.
And no one from the state.
You want to see this house
you think is yours?
Come on.
What. do you think
he's a fucking realtor?
Look at him.
Nick!
Your old man's not in there!
I drew this house
when I was a kid.
God. it had all of this in it.
Every room. upstairs.
Downstairs.
What is that?
What's in the walls?
Rats?
That's abhorrent.
That's the tree at the side of the house.
They lynched people from that tree.
You ever see a hanging tree. boy?
Who lives here?
Look around.
Nobody lives here.
Who used to live here?
What the hell is that?
What's that in the chimney?
The deed you have to this house is
worthless. just like the house.
Look. I just want to know if
people from my family lived here.
Nick!
Hey.
Time's up.
Let's go. buddy.
Let's get back to the car. OK?
Sam and Chris say they have help.
How do you like your house. Nick?
You seen enough?
Are you not understanding
something. Nick?
When the flood came and wiped out this
town. people blamed... this house!
Did you know that?
Survivors called it the Second
Flood of Noah because they
thought it came from God to
wash away this house and all
the horrors that came with it.
This place was ripped from the
earth and slammed into that tree.
Instead of a pile of broken
sticks. it's all still here.
Chairs. tables. chandeliers...
they shouldn't be here. Nick.
I thought you said that was you.
You said you'd been swinging
a hammer in here for years.
I have.
I've been trying to tear it down.
Nick. let's go!
You tell you friend
to run as fast and as
far away as he can.
Nicky?
And you run with him.
and never come back.
Nick!
There's some guys out here!
You come back here. it'll be
the last thing you'll ever
remember doing.
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
They're trying to cut us off!
Who the hell are these guys?
What the hell are these guys?
Go. go. go.
Ryan?
Yeah. I think...
Yeah.
Whoa!
What the fuck happened?
What?
What did he say to you?
He didn't say anything!
What did you say to him?
Get the fuck off of him.
Look. I do not know
what's going on. OK?
Did he say something
to you or not?
Uughh!
Aaah!
Nnnnghh!
Unngh!
Hahhh!
Aaaghh!
Auurrrghhh!
Aah!
Ooh!
There was a kick.
How far along are you?
Yeah. just far enough along to wonder
what the hell we're doing out here.
Can I?
Sure.
Ooh!
Did you feel that?
You know. they say that they
can feel things in there.
Joy. fear...
whatever the mother's feeling.
God!
He's really worked
up about something.
Well. maybe he just
doesn't like strangers?
Evie!
What?
What are they saying?
Evie!
What?
Get in the car!
What the fuck is going on?
Get in the van!
Get in the car!
Fuck the car!
Get in the van!
Go. go. go. go.
Go!
Go! Go!
Move this fucking thing!
Oh. fuck!
Who the fuck are they?
How'd they get in front of us?
Aauughhh!
Get him off!
Get him off. get him off!
I'm trying!
What the fuck?
Where's Sam?
Where is everybody?
Diner looks closed.
Lillith?
Hello?
Anyone back there?
Anybody?
What are you looking at?
I'll make sure Nick
gets back to the house.
You have my word.
I'll bring your followers
together to fight.
Yes. Lucky.
Don't worry.
We'll get the 23.
You will rise.
We will all rise.
No. I just told you.
On a state highway off
an old flood road.
Look. we just passed
Worthington. OK?
It's the county seat.
And where are you?
Hello?
God!
I cannot stay connected long
enough to talk to anybody.
Forget it.
I tried.
None of the phones
have been working today.
Nick. what happened in there?
What happened?
What was said?
Yeah. man.
I told you. he tried to scare me. OK?
He must have been hiding something.
Yes. my first guess is drugs.
I mean. look at the guy.
Look at his gang of inbreds.
They don't even
fucking walk upright.
Yeah. well. they know how
to throw a fucking axe.
He's running something illegal
out of that house. Bet on it.
Or he's just some hillbilly lunatic who
thinks the state's gonna take his house.
Oh my god!
Oh. shit!
Stop!
I'm standing on the brake!
Sorry about that.
Are you OK?
OK.
What the fuck did you do?
You drove us in a fucking circle?
What are you talking about?
That can't be the house.
Then I hell is it?
We left the house
30 miles back in
the opposite direction.
You drove us in a circle
and you didn't know it?
How?
We all saw the signs.
We were heading south.
The house was north.
Nick?
Nicky?
I smell gasoline.
What?
Oh. Jesus.
OK. OK.
Come on. come on.
Let me get you out of here.
To where?
Where?
Anywhere.
Just away from this van.
I have to sit down.
Hey. wasn't that guy the guy
from the diner we almost hit
up there?
Up Where?
What the hell are
you talking about?
I don't even see the
ridge that we came from.
No. look. he's got to be
getting help though. right?
Well. shouldn't one of us at
least try to get back to the
road to let them know
where to find us?
He kicked.
But... but that's good.
though. right?
Nick. feel.
There's nobody in the surrounding
forest that I can see.
And. uh. the house is empty.
What?
You went inside?
I didn't think it could
be the same house.
And?
Same porch.
Same tree.
Same lion out front.
I swear. I did not drive us
in a circle. but unless that
house is following us.
that must be what I did.
I'm sorry.
This is fucking great. you guys.
Evie. Evie. it's gonna
be OK. all right?
I'm gonna fix this.
How?
It's gonna be cold and dark soon.
and I'm really not feeling well.
We need to keep her warm. Nick.
We need shelter where she
can rest while we get help.
Nick?
You sure the house is empty?
If that's some kind of drug
lab. then what are we doing?
It's nothing like that.
I told you. it's empty.
Then why was Seth there
with those axemen?
No one lives here. Evie. OK?
Trust me. no one.
Is anybody else thinking
what I'm thinking?
Forest. ravine. car?
So the car could still be sitting there?
Unless those maniacs chopped it up.
Well. should we try and see?
Come on. we'd never make it by dark.
And Evie can't make it anywhere right now.
Well. I would rather go into the
woods than stay inside that place.
Oh. in the same woods
where they murdered Sam?
Sshh!
Please. shut up!
We don't need to
broadcast ourselves.
Nick. it's like
you're all ganging up
against me.
How am I the only one that
thinks this is a bad idea?
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
There is no way that
I'm staying in there.
Stop it.
Look at me. OK?
Listen.
We find one room.
We wait until the sun comes up.
That's it.
That's all we do. OK?
What if those men come back?
Hey.
Look at this.
You see that window?
That overlooks the entire yard.
OK?
Hey. come here.
Come here.
Come on. look at this window.
We can see the side yard too. OK?
We'll... we'll put one man on
the back porch. one in the
front. and we'll see anyone coming.
Not after dark. we won't.
Come on. Evie. OK?
We cannot drag you through
the woods tonight.
We have to keep you and the
baby warm and safe until...
Don't make this just about me.
I'm not.
This is best for everybody.
Is it?
There's not a part of this.
Nick. that's you
wanting to be here?
It's not a part of it?
What is it. exactly?
What is it that you think that's here
that's going to solve any puzzles for you?
Evie.
Do you see those?
Do I see what?
Nnnnghhhh!
Nicky!
What's happening!
Nnnnnghhhhh!
What's happening. Nicky?
Nicky!
No!
Get off me!
Help!
Nicky!
Get back!
Nnnggghhh!
Nicky!
Ah!
Nick!
Nicky!
Nicky. Nicky! Nicky. wake up.
Nicky. please wake up.
Nick. Nick.
Nicky. look at me. Nicky. wake up.
Nicky?
Ryan.
Ryan. wake him up. wake him up.
Nicky. look at me.
Nicky. wake up.
Baby. baby.
Wake up. Nicky.
Nicky. you gotta wake up.
Baby. wake up.
So the good news is he's still breathing
and he's got a regular pulse.
Then why isn't he waking up?
I don't know.
But look at his eyelids.
That's REM sleep.
He's dreaming.
Lillith says there's some stuff that
we should go back and get in the van.
You watch him. OK?
Hey.
Since you decided not to have
the baby tonight. maybe you
could find some more candles.
How quiet can you be?
No.
Get back to the house.
You'll know when to go in.
Hey.
It's so good to see you
with your eyes open.
How long was I out?
30 minutes?
Where's Ryo?
Uh. he and Lillith went to the van.
What happened out there?
You were touching the tree.
That tree's a hanging tree. Evie.
Just like Seth said.
One of the bodies is
from the Civil War.
How would I see someone
who's already died?
How would I see anyone?
I wasn't touching a person.
I was touching a tree.
Do you remember
touching the baby?
You said you never wanted to
touch him 'cause you never
wanted to know.
What did you see?
Is it something bad?
Is that what gave you the seizure?
All I saw was our baby.
Yeah?
And he wants out.
Oh.
Took you long enough.
All right. Nicky.
Alive and kicking. huh?
This ain't.
I can surf. but I can't make a phone call.
What happened?
Tell me.
Tell you what?
Why you smell like that.
Smell like what?
Like sex.
What are you. some kind of a
bloodhound all of a sudden?
Lillith?
You've got to be kidding me. Ryo!
It was her. OK?
It wasn't me. She was all over me.
We're out here worried about getting our
fucking heads chopped off by these lunatics...
What are you?
Pissed off or jealous?
They could have snuck up on you!
Don't you ever grab me!
I grabbed your fucking jacket.
That's the only thing I have
ever asked you. in all of the
years that we've been friends.
What happened under that tree?
I don't know.
I know you saw something.
What did you see?
Hey. get in here.
Hurry up!
There's something big in this wall.
I just think that tree lets
critters inside the framework.
I mean...
What the hell is that?
We need that flashlight.
OK.
Ready?
Aahh!
Hey. you're not gonna kill it.
I can't see anything.
Come on. you're torturing it.
Nick. stop it.
This is cruel.
I... what?
I just want to see what it is.
Well. you don't know what it is.
It could be... it
could be dangerous.
Back up. back up. back up.
What are you gonna do?
Ryan!
What the...
the fuck?
What did we do to it?
We popped it like a zit.
Jeez.
There's nothing in there but goop.
Holy. holy shit.
Guys. shouldn't someone be
outside watching the house?
Yeah.
She's right.
I'll take the back.
I'll take the front.
Nick. I don't want to be here.
I'm serious.
I have a really bad
feeling about this.
Come on.
We should stay where it's warm.
We shouldn't stay here at all.
Nicky.
Peekaboo. I see you.
I'm down here.
My little Nicky.
I remember when I used
to call you that.
Mom?
What are you doing in there?
We're all trapped in here.
Your father. Nicky.
He's trapped in here. too.
The door to the cellar...
you need to open it.
Are you really my mother?
Look at me.
I can't.
I'm not beautiful anymore.
Why?
What do you mean?
I mean. tell your friend to
stop swinging that goddamn bat!
I think you're looking at a door
that's never gonna open again.
Not with those roots
jamming it shut.
Wanna give this a try?
Yeah. no telling
what's down there.
I know.
It's the only room
I've never drawn.
Never could.
On three.
One. two. three.
What are you guys doing?
The things in the
walls are down there.
What?
I just want to see what's down here.
Close it. now.
Guys!
Now. goddamn it!
Jesus Christ. calm down!
Hey!
Axemen!
Axemen everywhere!
They're everywhere.
They're all over the place.
It's crazy.
They're all over out
there. just looking
like they're asleep.
They're all over the backyard.
like statues.
Where the fuck do we go?
Where do you think?
We only have the cellar.
Go. go. go. go!
It's the door.
The door triggers them.
What the fuck do we do?
For starters. we stay away
from that fucking door.
Come on.
Where the hell are we gonna go?
Where the hell are we going?
I guess we're going back to the car.
You mean. if you
hope it's still there.
Do not let go of my hand.
Run!
They're gaining!
Come on!
Nicky!
Evie. go!
Go now!
Come on!
Nicky!
Hey!
Over here. asshole!
Right here!
Hey.
Oh my god!
Get in. get in!
Did you see Evie or Lillith?
Oh. god. they had one of
them right on their tail.
I tried to stop him. but he
wouldn't even look at me.
I don't what happened to them.
Oh. it's Sam.
They just left him
there like that.
What is that?
Oh. what's wrong with his hands?
What in the holy fuck is that?
What is that?
That's not skin. Ryo.
That's not skin.
What's that shiny stuff?
Hold on.
What the hell is that. Ryo?
That's not Sam.
It...
it's Sam's clothes.
That's the same tree where Seth killed him.
Then what the hell's wrong with him?
Sammael.
That's what Seth
called him. remember?
Yeah.
And Sam. he kept
correcting him. like...
like Seth knew his real name.
Or he knew what he was.
We gotta find the girls.
No. but...
What are you doing?
I'm doing a search
for the word Sammael.
Come on. we gotta find the girls.
Sammael.
S-A-M-M-A-E-L.
It's a name from the Bible.
It's a combination of the
Hebrew word "sam." for poison.
and "ael." A-E-L. for angel.
It's a poison angel.
"Sammael is one of the
original angels of hell.
He is the devil of death.
Satan's assassin.
Sammael can come in many
forms. but traditionally a
red-headed young man"
Now we gotta find the girls.
Come on.
We gotta split up.
We can find... we can cover more ground.
Lillith.
There's a glossary of demons.
The name Lillith is on here.
"Lillith is the daughter
of the night.
She is the queen of hell.
Driven by insatiable hunger.
Lillith stalks the Earth.
seducing men. often raping
them in their sleep and
drinking their blood."
Come on.
Ryo. this has got to... this
has got to be bullshit.
"By night she is the original
unholy terror. stealing...
stealing newborns and even the
unborn from pregnant mothers
and feasting on them."
You OK back there?
Mm-hm.
Who has the keys?
Ryan or Nick?
Whew!
Whew. that was a big one.
Are you OK?
Ah!
Wow. he's. uh... he's
really moving in there.
Maybe he's just funny about me.
Yeah.
You get close. he starts
doing cartwheels.
No. no. no. no. I didn't...
I didn't mean that in a bad way.
No.
You're right.
I think I upset him.
Oh. come on.
I don't know what
it is about me.
I just...
I think I freak kids out.
Even in the womb. apparently.
They can feel stress. remember?
He feels everything I feel.
That's all it is.
He's...
he's just freaking out 'cause I am.
Lillith. turn around.
Hey. I mean it.
Give me your hand.
Come on. do it.
See?
He's not kicking.
It's not you.
Easy.
Ow.
Ow!
Stop!
Lillith!
What are you doing?
What the fuck are you doing?
You all right?
She's a demon called Lillith.
She was sent to murder your child.
You can't wait for Nick.
By now he's found the house again.
What are you talking about?
Hey. I don't understand.
Lillith. Christophe. and Sammael.
Three demons of hell.
Their purpose was to destroy
the baby and make sure Nick
found his way into the
cellar of that house.
Destroy the baby?
Lillith's the eater of the young.
The one you call Chris. he
creates illusions. like
roadsides you see but aren't
there. or towns that look
empty when they're not.
Now I don't know where you
should go. but if you want
your child to live. you leave
Nick behind and you make it
far away from here.
No. wait!
I'm not leaving Nick behind.
Why would Nick go
back to the house?
He wouldn't leave me.
The beast is forbidden to
enter the human world.
Only his human son can
invite him. and only during
the boy's 23rd year.
Why do you think he can
touch someone and see
their terrible deaths?
Because Nick is the son
of terrible deaths.
And he can never be allowed
to invite his father
out of that cellar.
You're wrong.
You don't know Nick.
You won't know him when he
finds out who he is. or who
his father his. or that he was
conceived so that he could
invite hell on Earth.
She found her way to the car.
Sun'll be up in an hour.
and even Ryan
will find the highway.
But you...
come on. you gotta stop
running. Nick.
'Cause you're always gonna
end up right back here.
You don't have to be afraid of him.
What the hell are you?
Come on. Nick.
That's kind of a big question.
The same as Sam?
We come from the same place.
We had a job to do. Nick. and
that was to see that you found
your way to that cellar. just
like your mother did on the
day you were conceived.
Is it really here in there?
Or is that just a dream?
With what your house is
sitting on. you're gonna have
a few lost souls in the walls.
And the things with
the axes. who are they?
The. uh. opposition.
So they're the
angels. and you're...
God's gargoyles. is
what we call them.
Created to scare
away evil spirits.
Seth brought them to frighten
you. to keep you away.
Am I an evil spirit?
You're an abandoned child
who for 23 years has been
brutalized by the ignorant
swine of this world who are
afraid of anyone different.
And there's a very special man
trapped under that house who
understands what
your life has been.
Talk to him.
That's all he wants.
That's all you want. isn't it?
They can't hurt you.
They would have killed you a
long time ago if they could.
We'll take care of them.
This fight has been a
long time coming. Nick.
Go.
Talk to your father.
Do it!
Aaaah!
Nnngh!
Aaaugghh!
Hey.
Hey!
Aaaaghhhhhh!
It's me. Evie.
Don't scream.
Don't make any noise. OK?
You been wandering
around all night?
We have to go to the house.
We have to find Nick.
Nick's not at the house. Evie.
He's there. Ryo.
And he needs us.
Why would Nick be at the house?
Oh my god!
We have to go back. Eve.
Evie!
Let's go back.
We have to go in there.
Nick's not gonna be here.
They cut out their hearts.
Come on. let's go!
No!
Hey. hey. hey!
Come on!
Who are we kidding. Eve?
Do we even want to see
Nick if he's in there?
Ryan. he might be hurt.
It's OK.
It's just us.
Nicky. it's me and Evie.
Look at us. Nicky.
What did they do to you?
What did they do to you. Nicky?
You're hurt. man.
We gotta get...
Don't touch me!
Nicky. you are bleeding.
You stay away from me.
Let me breathe. OK?
OK.
What did they do to you?
I asked if it was
my father. and he...
he said yes.
Don't. Nicky...
And I said yes.
And it came in.
And Seth and all of
those things out there
tried to stop him.
They tried to stop me!
Holy God.
Nick.
Our baby.
I saw our baby.
What did you see?
I saw that we had 20.
Tell me.
I'm trapped within
until I get three more.
Oh my god. Evie.
Oh my god.
What?
Walk away.
Evie. don't run.
Get away from...
Two to go.
There she is.
You're full of painkillers. honey.
Don't try and move.
You went into labor
and had your baby.
You don't remember?
Well. he's in good shape.
Let's go see your mama.
There's Mama.
How did I get here?
You don't remember the man
that brought you in?
She's awake now.
Yeah. you saw the picture?
You like it?
Yeah. that's part of the change.
Yeah. we're doing good.
A lot safer now.
No. no. no. no.
No. they're being
guarded at all times.
They're never getting out of there.
They're never gonna find the house.
I destroyed the will and the deed.
Now above the door. make a window.
Draw that window round.
Good boy.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today